chore: Migrations for AuthModule, AsmModule, KymaModule and CDC. (#9744)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/3_0.md

### Auth module refactor

- `@spartacus/core` have new dependency on `angular-oauth2-oidc` library. It's used to handle OAuth login/logout flows in spartacus.

#### Store

- `AuthSelectors` were removed. Selectors related to client token were moved under `ClientAuthSelectors`. User token is no longer stored in ngrx store. To get the token use `AuthStorageService.getToken` method.
- `StateWithAuth` was removed. State related to client token was moved to `StateWithClientAuth`. Data related to user token are stored in `AuthStorageService` and `UserIdService`.
- `AuthState` was removed. State related to client token was moved to `ClientAuthState`. Data related to user token are stored in `AuthStorageService` and `UserIdService`.
- `UserTokenState` was removed. Data related to user token are no longer stored in ngrx store. User token is stored in `AuthStorageService` and user id is stored in `UserIdService`.
- `AUTH_FEATURE` was removed. Client token state is under the key from `CLIENT_AUTH_FEATURE` variable.
- `CLIENT_TOKEN_DATA` variable value changed to `[Client auth] Client Token Data`. Previously it was `[Auth] Client Token Data`.

> - `AuthActions` now only contains `Login` and `Logout` action class and `LOGIN`, `LOGOUT` variables with action type. Actions related to client token (`LoadClientToken...`) are now available under `ClientAuthActions` export. Constant `LOGOUT_CUSTOMER_SUPPORT_AGENT` is available in `AsmActions` export. Actions related to user token were removed. Instead initialize user token load, refresh or revoke with methods exposed in `AuthService` and `OAuthLibWrapperService`.

Reviewer: `LoadClientToken...` 

Should we list them for better searchabilty?

#### Models

> - `UserToken` interface was replaced with `AuthToken` interface. New interface contains different properties than the previous to match requirements of `angular-oauth2-oidc` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `UserToken` interface was replaced with `AuthToken` interface. New interface contains different properties than the previous to match requirements of `angular-oauth2-oidc` library.
- `AuthenticationToken` interface was removed. Use `AuthToken` instead.
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's mention another model that was removed `export type AuthenticationToken = UserToken | ClientToken;`
```suggestion
- `AuthenticationToken` interface was removed. Replacement: ...
```

- `AuthService` now requires `UserIdService`, `OAuthLibWrapperService`, `AuthStorageService`, `AuthRedirectService` and `RoutingService`.
- `AuthService.authorize` was renamed to `loginWithCredentials`. It returns Promise that resolves after login procedure completes. Instead of dispatching action the method now invokes login method from the OAuth library and sets correct userId, dispatches `Login` action and redirects to previously visited page.
- `AuthService.getOccUserId` was removed from `AuthService`. Use `UserIdService.getUserId` method instead. It is the direct replacement.
- `AuthService.invokeWithUserId` was moved to `UserIdService`. It is available under the same name.
- `AuthService.getUserToken` was removed. To check if user is logged in use `isUserLoggedIn` and to get user id use `UserIdService.getUserId`. If you need access to tokens then use `AuthStorageService.getToken`.
- `AuthService.refreshUserToken` was moved and renamed to `OAuthLibWrapperService.refreshToken`. The behavior changed as well. It not only dispatches action, but performs complete refresh token procedure from OAuth library.

> - `AuthService.authorizeWithToken` was removed. Instead you can create object of the shape 'AuthToken' and pass to 'AuthStorageService.setToken'.

Reviewer: Nit: formatting?
```suggestion
- `AuthService.authorizeWithToken` was removed. Instead you can create object of the shape `AuthToken` and pass to `AuthStorageService.setToken`.
```

- `AuthService.logout` method changed behavior to redirect to `logout` page. Then the method `AuthService.coreLogout` will be dispatched and perform operations previously done by `logout` method (Logout action dispatch, clearing local state, revoking tokens).
- `AuthService.getClientToken`, `AuthService.refreshClientToken` and `AuthService.isClientTokenLoaded` were moved to `ClientTokenService`.

#### Config

- `AuthConfig` no longer extends `OccConfig`.
- `login` and `revoke` endpoints were removed from `OccConfig`. `login` endpoint is now available under `tokenEndpoint` property in `AuthConfig`. `revoke` endpoint is available under `revokeEndpoint` property in `AuthConfig`.
- `storageSync` configuration for `auth` branch in ngrx store was removed. State of token, userId is now synchronized with `AuthStatePersistenceService`. Override this service if you want to sync more properties to localStorage (eg. `refresh_token`).

> ### Kyma module
> 
> Kyma module were removed with all it's code. We expose the same functionality through configuration of auth.

Reviewer: For easier search-ability:
```suggestion
### KymaModule

`KymaModule` were removed with all it's code. We expose the same functionality through configuration of auth.
```

``` ts
authentication: {
  client_id: 'client4kyma',
  client_secret: 'secret',
  OAuthLibConfig: {
    responseType: 'id_token',
    scope: 'openid',
    customTokenParameters: ['token_type', 'id_token'],
  },
},
```

Then you can access OpenId token with `OAuthLibWrapperService.getIdToken` method. For more options related to OpenId token look into `angular-oauth2-oidc` library documentation.

### ASM module refactor

- `getCustomerSupportAgentTokenState`, `getCustomerSupportAgentToken` and `getCustomerSupportAgentTokenLoading` were removed from `AsmSelectors`. To get token use `AuthStorageService.getToken` and `AsmAuthStorageService.getTokenTarget` to check if it belongs to CS agent.
- Effects in `AsmModule` now instead of `makeErrorSerializable` use `normalizeHttpError` for error transformation.
- `storageSync` configuration for `asm` branch in ngrx store was removed. State of ASM UI, tokens is now synchronized with `AsmStatePersistenceService`.
- `CSAGENT_TOKEN_DATA` variable was removed.
- `AsmState.csagentToken` was removed. Token is now stored in `AuthStorageService`. Check `AsmAuthStorageService.getTokenTarget` to validate if the token belongs to the CS agent.

> - `AsmActions` no longer contains actions related to customer agent token. Instead interact directly with `CsAgentAuthService`.

Reviewer: Do you think it's worth listing them here for searchability? I believe docs are 1st source of truth and automated migrations are only follow up.
LoadCustomerSupportAgentToken
LoadCustomerSupportAgentTokenFail
LoadCustomerSupportAgentTokenSuccess

- `CustomerSupportAgentTokenInterceptor` interceptor was removed. Token and error handling for CS agent requests are now handled by `AuthInterceptor` and `AsmAuthHttpHeaderService`.

#### AsmAuthService

> Service was renamed to `CsAgentAuthService`. `AsmAuthService` is now responsible for making `AuthService` aware of ASM and adjusts it for CS agent support.

Reviewer: What about adding removed-api-migration for `AsmAuthService` with custom comment:
The `AsmAuthService` was renamed to `CsAgentAuthService`. That said, the new service `AsmAuthService` was introduced in 3.0, which has a different purpose. For more see 3.0 migration docs.

- `AsmAuthService.authorizeCustomerSupportAgent` was moved to `CsAgentAuthService`. It now performs full login flow for CS agent and resolves when it completes.
- `AsmAuthService.startCustomerEmulationSession` was moved to `CsAgentAuthService`. Behavior haven't changed.
- `AsmAuthService.isCustomerEmulationToken` was removed. To check token use `AuthStorageService.getToken` and to check if it belongs to CS agent use `AsmAuthStorageService.getTokenTarget`.
- `AsmAuthService.getCustomerSupportAgentToken` was removed. To check token use `AuthStorageService.getToken` and to check if it belongs to CS agent use `AsmAuthStorageService.getTokenTarget`.

> - `AsmAuthService.getCustomerSupportAgentTokenLoading` was moved to `CsAgentAuthService`. Warning! It is not implemented there yet.

Reviewer: 👀

Author: There is a ticket for that and we might able to complete that before stable release ;)
